# UI Core

The web interface for VariantGrid is still mostly traditional HTML generated by the server (as opposed to a full JavaScript model such as Vue.js, React, etc).

For our UI the following technologies are heavily utilised. Note that the inclusion of these technologies isn't necessarily contained within uicore, but this is a handy place to document it.

* Bootstrap : This has been used to replace most of JQueryUI. While getting VariantGrid working on the phone is not a priority, some pages do fit nicely thanks to Bootstrap (though many do not).
* FontAwesome : Prior icons were obtained from flaticon, but the ease of use of FontAwesome has made it a great replacement.
* MutationObserver in global.js : Many features are enabled simply by rendering HTML and then having jQuery's onDocumentReady as well as MutationObservers (in case we're adding HTML through Ajax) inject functionality. e.g. &lt;div class="format-json">{{ raw_json }}&lt;/div> will invoke JavaScript to format the JSON (more than css can do), or &lt;table data-table-url="{{ table_url_data }}">&lt;/table> invokes DataTables to popjulate the table.
* DataTables : This is a nice solution for AJAX tables as well as formatting tables where the data has been rendered straight as HTML.
* Crispy Forms : This renders forms using Bootstrap calsses.

In future it would be good to bring Vue.js to VariantGrid (there's a project for Bootstrap/Vue).

## UICore TemplateTags

UICore provides many templatetags (probably too many, some should be consolidated).

## Common Tags

labelled: {% labelled label="name" %}{{ name }}{% endlabelled %}

This is just a short-cut to making a Bootstrap row that assigns a consistent amount of cols for different screen sizes.

UI Tab Builder
Used for dividing a page into bootstrap tabs, where the tabs can either be ui_register_tab_embedded and have the data in them or
ui_register_tab where you provide a URL creating an AJAX tab where the contents are loaded when needed. 

*TODO* It would be nice to merge english_tags.py, js_tags.py & ui_utils.py as a few tags within js_tags.py have nothing to do with JavaScript

## ValidatedJson

ValidatedJson is a way of storing & displaying JSON with inbuilt infos, warnings & errors.
Primarily used by ClinVarExports it show the JSON we would be sending to ClinVar, with any issues inlined.
